Now let's look at AWS Control Tower.
So it's an easy way for you to set up and govern a secure
and compliant multi-account AWS environments based
on best practices.
So out of it you're going to get
your environment automated in just a few clicks.
You're going to have ongoing policy management
using guardrails and we see this in this lecture.
We're going to detect policy violations
and remediate them automatically
and we can monitor compliance
through an interactive dashboard.
So Control Tower is a way for you
to really automate best practice multi-accounts
and it runs on top of AWS organizations.
So it's going to set up an organization for you
and then organize these accounts
and implement automatically
the service control policies you need.
So out of it, there is the account factory.
And since you automate account provisioning and deployments
and it allows you to create pre-approved baseline
and configuration options for all the accounts
in your organization, such as, for example
configuring the default VPC, configuring the subnets
the regions and so on.
And to do so is going to use the underlying service called
the AWS Service Catalog to provision these new accounts.
So let's have a look
in where an account feature will be very helpful.
So we have in a cloud computing environments
and then we have a data center
with an ADFS and an active directory.
And now we are going to establish a VPN
or direct connect connection
between the cloud and the corporate data center.
And so therefore, in the control tower lending
zone that we create through the account factory,
we're going to have an SSO directory that is linked directly
to AD connector and that has a two-way trust
with our active directory federation services.
And therefore what's going to happen is
that any member's accounts that we provision as part
of this landing zone, we can configure them automatically
and make sure that they all leverage the SSO authentication
from the learning fact, the lending zone itself.
So that means that all the accounts will be
coming properly configured thanks to Control Tower.
Now there's another thing
with Control Tower called guardrails.
And this is used to detect and remediate policy violations.
So it's going to give you ongoing governance.
And then you have two kinds of guardrails.
You have preventive guardrails where you use SCP's.
And this is for example, to have an action to disable
or disallow the creation of access keys from the root user.
That's one way or detective where you want to
give all permissions to your accounts
but then you use config to detect for example
whether or not MFA is enabled for the root user and so on.
And config will be very helpful
because it gives you compliance
or non-compliance of resources.
And so here's an example.
We for example, want to see which resources are untagged.
So we have a detective guardrail
in control tower using config and it's going to monitor
for untagged resources in your member accounts
as part of your organization is going to trigger
if it's non-compliance and SNS topic
which can notify an admin maybe invoke another function
in that Lambda function itself can remediate
to this and add tags where needed.
So there are a few guardrail levels for control tower.
There is the mandatory guardrail
which is automatically enabled
and enforced by AWS Control Tower.
So for example, you want to disallow public read access
to the log archive accounts.
And this is mandatory.
Strongly recommended.
Which is based on AWS practices.
And for example, you want to say you want to
enable EBS volumes attached to EC2 instances.
And then you have elective guardrails
which is commonly used by enterprises.
This is optional as well, for example
to disallow delete actions without MFA in S3 buckets.
Okay. So that's it for Control Tower.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.